Document GHC-08838 (#543)
haskellfoundation/error-message-index: message-index/messages/GHC-08838/index.md

---
title: Wrong do bind
summary: Returning a monadic computation in a do block and not binding it will not run it
severity: warning
introduced: 9.4.1
---

When using a monadic computation in a do block one should either run it 

> directly or bind it. If neither is done the monadic computation is never 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directly or bind the result of the computation to a variable. If neither is done the monadic computation is never 
```

---
title: Wrong do bind
summary: Returning a monadic computation in a do block and not binding it will not run it
severity: warning

> introduced: 9.4.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
introduced: 9.6.1
```
